W-7228133 Adding the new fields to docs (#218)
pardot/api-docs: docs/kb/api-version-3/export.md

* **created_before**: (Optional) Selects visitor activities that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `created_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `created_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
* **type**: (Optional) Selects visitor activities of the specified types. If this argument is not specified, then all of the visitor acitivies belonging to any type is returned. See a list of available [Visitor Activity Types](../object-field-references.md#visitor-activity-types) in [Visitor Activity](../object-field-references.md#visitor-activity) in [Object Field References](../object-field-references.md).

> * **prospectOnly**: (Optional) Selects only those visitor acitivites assosiated to a prospect. When this field is set to `false`, all visitor acitivites with and without a prospect are returned. The values can be `true` or `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **prospectOnly**: (Optional) Selects only those visitor activities associated with a prospect. When this field is set to `false`, all visitor activities with and without a prospect are returned. The values can be `true` or `false`.
```

* **created_after**: Selects visitor activities that were created after the specified time. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
* **created_before**: (Optional) Selects visitor activities that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `created_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `created_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.

> * **type**: (Optional) Selects visitor activities of the specified types. If this argument is not specified, then all of the visitor acitivies belonging to any type is returned. See a list of available [Visitor Activity Types](../object-field-references.md#visitor-activity-types) in [Visitor Activity](../object-field-references.md#visitor-activity) in [Object Field References](../object-field-references.md).

Reviewer 2: typo on activities (acitivies)
